Question 1
 In which of the following segments are paged in virtual memory, which means they contain the number of pages specified by a programmer or compiler?

Response: Paged virtual memory

Correct : Segmented virtual memory with paging

Score: 0 out of 1 No

Question 2
 Which of the following is a page replacement algorithm?

Response: All of these

Correct : Page classes

Score: 0 out of 1 No

Question 3
 Which of the following is a type of memory that operates at extremely fast speeds?

Response: Cache memory

Correct : Cache memory

Score: 1 out of 1 Yes

Question 4
 Which of the following mapping method maps each block of main memory into only one potential cache line?

Response: Direct mapping

Correct : Direct mapping

Score: 1 out of 1 Yes

Question 5
 In which of the following page replacement algorithm refers to replacement algorithm that replaces the page that has been in the memory the longest?

Response: First-in-First-out

Correct : First-in-First-out

Score: 1 out of 1 Yes

Question 6
 Which of the following gives a computer programmer an addressing space that is several times bigger than the main memory’s physically available addressing area?

Response: Virtual memory

Correct : Virtual memory

Score: 1 out of 1 Yes

Question 7
 Which of the following is the address created by the CPU in a virtual memory system?

Response: Virtual address

Correct : Virtual address

Score: 1 out of 1 Yes

Question 8
 Which of the following page replacement algorithm selects a page for replacement if the page was not often used in the past?

Response: Least Frequently Used

Correct : Least Frequently Used

Score: 1 out of 1 Yes

Question 9
 Which of the following is/are type(s) of mapping functions that is used by cache memory?

Response: All of these

Correct : All of these

Score: 1 out of 1 Yes

Question 10
 The virtual address of a paged memory is made up of two parts: the page number and the ____________ .

Response: Word displacement

Correct : Word displacement

Score: 1 out of 1 
